DOCS-#2996: document `modin.backends.base` (#3021)
modin-project/modin: docs/flow/modin/backends/base/query_compiler.rst

> Base query compiler

Author: included

"""""""""""""""""""

Brief description
'''''''''''''''''
``BaseQueryCompiler`` is an abstract class of query compiler, it sets a common interface,

> that every other query compilers in Modin have to follow. Base class contains basic

Author: Was already changed to the following by Devins suggestion:
"that every other query compiler implementation in Modin must follow"

:orphan:

Base query compiler
"""""""""""""""""""

Brief description
'''''''''''''''''

> ``BaseQueryCompiler`` is an abstract class of query compiler, it sets a common interface,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``BaseQueryCompiler`` is an abstract class of query compiler, and sets a common interface
```

> that every other query compilers in Modin have to follow. Base class contains basic

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that every other query compiler implementation in Modin must follow. The Base class contains a basic
```

> implementations for most of the interface methods, all them are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
implementations for most of the interface methods, all of which
```

> :ref:`defaulting to pandas <defaulting-to-pandas-mechanism>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:ref:`default to pandas <defaulting-to-pandas-mechanism>`.
```

Subclassing ``BaseQueryCompiler``
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

> If you want to add new type of query compiler to Modin you need to inherit new

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to add new type of query compiler to Modin the new class needs to inherit
```

> class from `BaseQueryCompiler` and implement the rest of the abstract methods:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
from `BaseQueryCompiler` and implement the abstract methods:
```

- ``from_pandas`` build query compiler from pandas DataFrame.
- ``from_arrow`` build query compiler from Arrow Table.
- ``to_pandas`` get query compilers representation via pandas DataFrame.
- ``default_to_pandas`` do :ref:`fallback to pandas <defaulting-to-pandas-mechanism>` for the passed function. 
- ``finalize`` finalize object constructing.
- ``free`` trigger memory cleaning.

> (Please refer to the code documentation to see full contracts for these functions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(Please refer to the code documentation to see the full documentation for these functions).
```

> This is a minimum set of operations to ensure the proper work of your new query compiler,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a minimum set of operations to ensure a new query compiler will function in the Modin architecture,
```

> the rest of the API will be defaulted pandas. To add backend-specific implementation for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and the rest of the API can safely default to the pandas implementation. To add a backend-specific implementation for
```

> some of the query compiler operation, just override the corresponding method in your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
some of the query compiler operations, just override the corresponding method in your
```

query compiler class.

Example
'''''''
As an exercise let's define a new query compiler in `Modin`, just to see how easy it is.

> Usually, query compiler routes formed queries to the underlying :doc:`frame </flow/modin/engines/base/frame/data>` class,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Usually, the query compiler routes formed queries to the underlying :doc:`frame </flow/modin/engines/base/frame/data>` class,
```

> which represents an actual execution engine and responsible for executing queries. In the glory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which represents submits operators to an execution engine. For the sake
```

of simplicity and independence of this example, our execution engine will be the `pandas` itself.

So, we need to inherit a new class from ``BaseQueryCompiler`` and implement all of the abstract methods.

> In case of `pandas` as an execution engine it's a trivial task:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case, with `pandas` as an execution engine, it's trivial:
```

Base Query Compiler
"""""""""""""""""""

Brief description
'''''''''''''''''

> ``BaseQueryCompiler`` is an abstract class of query compiler, and sets a common interface

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:py:class:`~modin.backends.base.query_compiler.BaseQueryCompiler` is an abstract class of query compiler, and sets a common interface
```
This makes auto-link to `BaseQueryCompiler` class API

that every other query compiler implementation in Modin must follow. The Base class contains a basic
implementations for most of the interface methods, all of which
:ref:`default to pandas <defaulting-to-pandas-mechanism>`.

> Subclassing ``BaseQueryCompiler``

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Subclassing :py:class:`~modin.backends.base.query_compiler.BaseQueryCompiler`
```

'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''
If you want to add new type of query compiler to Modin the new class needs to inherit

> from ``BaseQueryCompiler`` and implement the abstract methods:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
from :py:class:`~modin.backends.base.query_compiler.BaseQueryCompiler` and implement the abstract methods:
```

> - ``from_pandas`` build query compiler from pandas DataFrame.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- :py:meth:`~modin.backends.base.query_compiler.BaseQueryCompiler.from_pandas` build query compiler from pandas DataFrame.
```

> - ``from_arrow`` build query compiler from Arrow Table.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- :py:meth:`~modin.backends.base.query_compiler.BaseQueryCompiler.from_arrow` build query compiler from Arrow Table.
```

> - ``to_pandas`` get query compilers representation via pandas DataFrame.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- :py:meth:`~modin.backends.base.query_compiler.BaseQueryCompiler.to_pandas` get query compilers representation via pandas DataFrame.
```

> - ``default_to_pandas`` do :ref:`fallback to pandas <defaulting-to-pandas-mechanism>` for the passed function. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- :py:meth:`~modin.backends.base.query_compiler.BaseQueryCompiler.default_to_pandas` do :ref:`fallback to pandas <defaulting-to-pandas-mechanism>` for the passed function. 
```

> - ``finalize`` finalize object constructing.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- :py:meth:`~modin.backends.base.query_compiler.BaseQueryCompiler.finalize` finalize object constructing.
```

> - ``free`` trigger memory cleaning.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- :py:meth:`~modin.backends.base.query_compiler.BaseQueryCompiler.free` trigger memory cleaning.
```

(Please refer to the code documentation to see the full documentation for these functions).

This is a minimum set of operations to ensure a new query compiler will function in the Modin architecture,
and the rest of the API can safely default to the pandas implementation. To add a backend-specific implementation for
some of the query compiler operations, just override the corresponding method in your
query compiler class.

Example
'''''''
As an exercise let's define a new query compiler in `Modin`, just to see how easy it is.
Usually, the query compiler routes formed queries to the underlying :doc:`frame </flow/modin/engines/base/frame/data>` class,

> which represents submits operators to an execution engine. For the sake

Author: fixed

> and the rest of the API can safely default to the pandas implementation. To add a backend-specific implementation for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and the rest of the API can safely default to the pandas implementation via the base class implementation. To add a backend-specific implementation for
```

of simplicity and independence of this example, our execution engine will be the `pandas` itself.

> So, we need to inherit a new class from ``BaseQueryCompiler`` and implement all of the abstract methods.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
So, we need to inherit a new class from :py:class:`~modin.backends.base.query_compiler.BaseQueryCompiler` and implement all of the abstract methods.
```

> which represents submits operators to an execution engine. For the sake

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which submits operators to an execution engine. For the sake
```

> of simplicity and independence of this example, our execution engine will be the `pandas` itself.

Author: no, removed backticks

> So, we need to inherit a new class from :py:class:`~modin.backends.base.query_compiler.BaseQueryCompiler` and implement all of the abstract methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We need to inherit a new class from :py:class:`~modin.backends.base.query_compiler.BaseQueryCompiler` and implement all of the abstract methods.
```
